Fix: The type of the clients output is a map of objects instead of a list. (#22)
mineiros-io/terraform-aws-cognito-user-pool: README.md

The following attributes are exported by the module:

- **`user_pool`**: The `cognito_user_pool` object.

> - **`clients`**: A map of `cognito_user_pool_client` objects keyed by name'.
> - **`client_secrets`**: The secrets for all created `cognito_user_pool_client` resources.

Reviewer: Let's maybe be even a bit more clear here as we are transforming the map before making it available as outputs:

```suggestion
- **`clients`**: A map of `cognito_user_pool_client` objects. The map is keyed by the `name` of the created clients. Client secrets are filtered out of this map and are available through the `client_secrets` output variable and flagged as sensitive.
- **`client_secrets`**: A sensitive map of client secrets for all created `cognito_user_pool_client` resources. The map is keyed by the `name` of the created clients.
```
